I want to make a sandwich I'm going to
use some flour herbs de Provence Dijon
butter Gris air use Swiss if you don't
have free air some ham and I'm going to
warm this milk up in the microwave so we
mean milk and some nutmeg and some bread
and let's get started
I'm going to start this out with using a
tablespoon of butter melting that down
and a tablespoon of all-purpose flour it
might be just a bit over a tablespoon
that's okay we want to cook this for
about a minute I'm on just below medium
heat not real hot and we'll let that
cook for about another 30 seconds to a
minute that has bubbled away just for a
about a minute total we add warm milk
now I put it in the microwave stir this
in I'm also going to add just a little
bit of white pepper a little bit of salt
and just a dash of nutmeg and allow this
to thicken when it comes to a boil or it
gets real hot it will thicken so just
take it a couple minutes so this is
bubbled up and thickened I let it bubble
for about a minute and a half I'm going
to add our cheese it's about a half a
cup of cheese well just go ahead and
turn the heat off and let that cheese
melt in and start making our sandwiches
we'll just let this sit here and cool
off
take your toasted bread I put it in the
toaster sliced it toast dude it and put
just a just a taste of mustard just for
flavor on each slice of bread
you're him
please don't be cheap with your ham put
a decent amount on here these are going
to be some of the best in my opinion
some of the best ham and grilled cheese
sandwiches you've ever had
just like that
no more there when we're here some of
your greer or swiss if you're using
Swiss
do this is it looking good I can't wait
to eat this tell you I can't wait
add some of your bechamel or cheese
sauce
this recipe is really in that for for
sandwiches and I'm just making two one
for me and one for you
Morris Swiss or gray air on top
it's an optional topping of herbs de
Provence just a slight touch and this is
going in my 400 degree oven after 15
minutes here's our sandwiches I was
croque monsieur and let's get ready to
eat I have one dished up plated and I
like to serve with little dill pickles
and a big green tossed salad I guarantee
you this is delicious
and I hope you make it thanks so much
for watching